Introduce cloud-init test for EC2 and Azure (#19969)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: variables.md

PUBLIC_CLOUD_FIO | boolean | false | If set, storage_perf test module is added to the job.
PUBLIC_CLOUD_FIO_RUNTIME | integer | 300 | Set the execution time for each FIO tests.
PUBLIC_CLOUD_FIO_SSD_SIZE | string | "100G" | Set the additional disk size for the FIO tests.

> PUBLIC_CLOUD_CLOUD_INIT | boolean | false | If this is true custom `cloud-config` will be attached to the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PUBLIC_CLOUD_CLOUD_INIT | boolean | false | Triggers testing of `cloud-init` functionality . NOTE: should be used only in Azure and EC2 
```

Author: I don't agree with this.

Reviewer: ok
